# Grant Process/Reflection Blog
## Grant Proposal Reflection:

My grant proposal project explores the correlation between religion and the COVID-19 pandemic within the last year. This is done through seeking geotagging information from posts of Bible journaling on Instagram and comparing the locations of these posts to COVID hotspots in the United States. In comparing these maps, it will be evident whether people undergoing elevated stresses of the virus sought to turn to religion in the time of hardship.

As one who practices religion, I find the project interesting to seek how faith has increased or decreased within the last year. Reflecting on myself through the pandemic, I know I have turned towards more religious practices and am curious to see if that looks the same for others. Additionally, I have interest in the artistic side of Bible journaling and expressing oneself through images on social media, so the project really ties together components I value.

Because Dr. Stover helped me to construct the idea for my project, it has remained relatively consistent from when I initially wrote the abstract. While I have found many projects and sources that explore Bible journaling, social media posts, and the COVID-19 pandemic, I have found no true combination of these entities. My project allows for an innovative twist to investigate the correlations and causations between each of these topics.

The largest obstacle I ran into in the grant proposal writing process was determining which tools and resources I should use to best construct my project. Because I do not have hardly any prior experience with the suggested list of tools, I had a difficult time distinguishing, for example, one mapping tool from another. This added an extended amount of research to my plate for exploring each of the options and selecting which tool seemed to best fit.

Through the grant writing process, I have learned a great deal. When Dr. Stover initially began going over the requirements for the assignment, I had no prior knowledge of a grant proposal or what it should entail. I have seen, in creating the project, the importance of choosing a specified idea to explore. With combining three vastly different components in my project, I have experienced firsthand the amount of lengthy research required in each field to fully understand and support the project and fuel the environmental scan.

## Digital Humanities Class Reflection:

To me, Digital Humanities is the combination of digital technology and various disciplines in the humanities. DH projects typically combine scholarly research with some sort of interactive component. I had no prior knowledge of Digital Humanities or frankly that it even existed, so my definition and understanding of the field has grown exponentially throughout this class.

I found the daily readings to be helpful in fueling my understanding of the discipline. Through reading articles and DH material and further discussing in class, I was able to gain a better grip on the specifics. Additionally, I found the student samples to be extremely helpful, especially during the grant writing process. Having a model and outline to shape my paper really helped me to know exactly what the prompt was demanding.

Throughout the course, I have particularly enjoyed the twitter posts. I think these have been a fun and creative way to incorporate the relevancy of social media while interacting with classmates and having regular discussions about the course. I have found the grant proposal to be the most challenging assignment, simply because of the length of it. However, the breakdown of the schedule for completing each component has helped to make the project seem much easier. Overall, I have found each of the assignments and projects in the class to hold significance and be helpful in bettering my understanding of DH. Furthermore, Dr. Stover has consistently placed emphasis on the importance of understanding each topic throughout the semester. 

In concluding the class, I do believe I have grown as a writer, student, and digital humanist. Through taking this writing extensive class, I have become much better at articulating my thoughts and analyzing Digital Humanities projects. Furthermore, I have even acquired some basic coding abilities. I know that these skills will transcend Digital Humanities to aiding my proficiency in other fields. Throughout this semester, I have come a long way, and for that, I am thankful for Dr. Stover and for the opportunities she gave me to grow my knowledge in the Digital Humanities.
