# My name is Skylor Ritchie…

… and I am a sophomore at Christopher Newport University majoring in Marketing with a minor in Leadership Studies and Digital Humanities. While I do not know much about Digital Humanities, I found the creative aspect to strike my interest and go well with my major. I look forward to becoming a better writer through this course and to exploring a different style of writing digitally. 

Looking towards the future, I have considered a multitude of options upon completing my undergraduate degree including attending law school, getting my real estate license, and opening a small business, however, I do not yet have a definite plan. I do know that at some point, I aspire to travel and potentially live abroad to immerse myself into a different culture and broaden my horizons.

Here at CNU, I volunteer with Young Life and am a leader at a local high school called Warwick. Go Raiders! I was first introduced to Young Life in my sophomore year of high school and have enjoyed taking part in it ever since. In this role, I help kids grow as people and in their faith. It is important to me that everyone feels that they are known, valued, and supported. This summer, I plan to go on summer staff for Young Life at a camp called [Crooked Creek Ranch](https://crookedcreek.younglife.org) in Colorado for a month. I look forward to meeting new people and gaining new experiences while helping others.

Finally, I am from Harrisonburg, VA and am the owner of the **cutest** chug in the world, Stella Belle. When I’m home in the mountains, I enjoy hikes such as [Old Rag](https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/virginia/old-rag-mountain-loop-trail), photographing my beautiful friends and some sunsets, and traveling and adventuring wherever I can with a lack of money due to the absurd cost of college and a surrounding pandemic.

